.github/workflows/dev_pr/title_check.md, before:

<!--
  Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
  or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
  distributed with this work for additional information
  regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
  to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
  "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
  software distributed under the License is distributed on an
  "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
  KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
  specific language governing permissions and limitations
  under the License.
-->

Thanks for opening a pull request!

Could you open an issue for this pull request on JIRA?
https://issues.apache.org/jira/browse/ARROW

Then could you also rename pull request title in the following format?

    ARROW-${JIRA_ID}: [${COMPONENT}] ${SUMMARY}

See also:

  * [Other pull requests](https://github.com/apache/arrow/pulls/)
  * [Contribution Guidelines - How to contribute patches](https://arrow.apache.org/docs/developers/contributing.html#how-to-contribute-patches)

Commit message:

ARROW-12034: [Developer Tools] Formalize Minor PRs

.github/workflows/dev_pr/title_check.md, after:

<!--
  Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
  or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
  distributed with this work for additional information
  regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
  to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
  "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
  software distributed under the License is distributed on an
  "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
  KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
  specific language governing permissions and limitations
  under the License.
-->

Thanks for opening a pull request!

If this is not a [minor PR](https://github.com/apache/arrow/blob/master/.github/CONTRIBUTING.md#Minor-Fixes).
Could you open an issue for this pull request on JIRA? https://issues.apache.org/jira/browse/ARROW

Opening JIRAs ahead of time contribute to the values of [Openness](http://theapacheway.com/open/#:~:text=Openness%20allows%20new%20users%20the,must%20happen%20in%20the%20open.) in the Apache Arrow project.

Then could you also rename pull request title in the following format?

    ARROW-${JIRA_ID}: [${COMPONENT}] ${SUMMARY}

or

    MINOR: [${COMPONENT}] ${SUMMARY}

See also:

  * [Other pull requests](https://github.com/apache/arrow/pulls/)
  * [Contribution Guidelines - How to contribute patches](https://arrow.apache.org/docs/developers/contributing.html#how-to-contribute-patches)
